INFO 2950 Project Work Contract
Names/NetIDs: Peyton Johnson (pjj44), Naba Deyab (nyd4), Ethan Goldman (emg254), Rohan Sharma (rds285)

---

For individuals:

Time management. Look at the schedule of project phase deadlines, as well as your current course schedule, exams, other projects, and commitments beyond coursework. Based on these time constraints, set a regular schedule for project work and outline it below.

---

For teams:

We agree to the following policies for our team. Once agreed to, these policies cannot be changed for the duration of the project unless agreed to via the decision-making process outlined below.

-

Team roles. Any specific roles within the group, their responsibilities, and how those roles will be assigned or rotated. 

Peyton - As captain, I will be planning when we need to accomplish different aspects of the project. I have done so already by updating people in the group chat and will continue to do so by reaching out to individuals if portions of their work is unfinished. In addition, I will be taking on a large portion of the writing responsibilities. 

Ethan - Will be helping with coding and statistics. Naba and Ethan will work to communicate these ideas to me and I will help to verbally express our findings. 

Naba - Has started coming up with different project ideas and will be doing a majority of the  statistics for this assignment.

Rohan - Will be working on the loose ends. Making sure that everyone completes their tasks and fulfills requirements. 


Decision making. Peyton Johnson will be the team captain. 



Balance of responsibilities. Once we decide on a topic, we will have a meeting in which we decide what everyone's strengths and weaknesses are. We can use this information to more adequately balance the responsibilities. 



Conflict resolution: We confer as a group using our group chat. Thus far we have used this sparingly but it will likely come in handy later. Because Peyton is team captain, if we are not able to initially agree we will allow her to make a final decision. 



Communication: Snapchat group chat "Info 2950" We respect responses within an hour. 



Meeting times. When and where you will meet, expectations for attendance. (Study hall could be a great meeting place...) Be sure to take into account the schedule of project phase deadlines, as well as everyone's course schedules, exams, other projects, and commitments beyond coursework.



We are free at this time: 
Ethan: Mondays after 1, Tuesdays after 3:30, Wednesdays after 12, Thursdays after 3:30
Peyton: Mondays 2:20 pm to 6:00 pm then after 7:00 pm, Tuesdays after 3:30 pm, Thursdays 2:15 pm to 4:30 pm
Naba: Mondays after 3:00 pm, Tuesdays after 4 pm, Thursdays after 2:00 pm

We have conferred on our schedule openings and have found several times that we can meet. We will use this to create conference times when the project picks up. 


Availability. When each member will not be available for any reason, and how you will work around these absences.
We will work around these absences by doing work by ourselves. Naba, Ethan, and I have worked together before and created a system in which we have checkpoints. Once we reach a checkpoint, we check the other's work and then pick up from that point. We have found this to be successful in the past and hope to continue using this strategy. 



